% During the past year, interest in reading Heidegger's philosophy was revived in me and perhaps paradoxically more so in the period of typing up this thesis. It is fair to say that I have under liberating influence Heidegger's thoughts in Being and Time. 
% One of the effects of such influence was a new way of being in the world, to acknowledge that existence is not an individual affair, and no being has an independent, self-contained existence. The beings are not to be found anywhere outside their web of entanglements. \textit{The beings are thrown in the world} as Heidegger would say. Their past and future, creation and renewal, matter and meaning emerge only as their being-with-each-other and being-toward-each-other. 

% In~\cite{heidegger:poetry}, Heidegger refers to Old High German in which a thing means a gathering to deliberate on a matter under discussion. For instance, a jug holds what is poured into it, and then pours the liquid out. The water and wine come from a rock spring or from rain or from the
% grape growing in the earth. The pouring out can quench thirst for humans or be a libation to the gods. It is this 
% ``gathering'' that makes the jug a thing. The
% jug, as thing, gathers together for a moment humans, gods, earth and sky~\cite{hodder:entangled}.

% Similarly, this thesis qua its being gathers together you, me, Heidegger, the computer I am using to type these words, the cables which connect the computer in my office to the internet, the internet provider and the University of Birmingham as a company and institution functioning in the global capital. More importantly and authentically, it also gathers people who supported me in my work; friends,
% colleagues, and family members, students, departments, and much more were a part of what helped constitute both this
% ``thesis'' and its ``author''.  

% Ian Hodder- p.28 : In Heidegger’s notion of being-in-the-world neither humans nor objects are the starting point – rather the starting point is the specific ways in which particular sorts of equipmental context emerge in reciprocal interdependence (Guignon 1993). Thus things and humans can only show up as they are in particular forms of historical culture. Self and the world belong together in the single entity Dasein.



% Ian Hodder- p. 8. But for Heidegger there is an aspect of the jug that is not captured by describing it as an entity or an object. The jug takes what is poured into it, and then pours the liquid out. The water and wine come from a rock spring or from rain or from the grape growing in the earth. The pouring out can quench thirst for humans or be a libation to the gods. So the jug connects humans, gods, earth and sky. It is this ‘gathering’ that makes the jug a thing.  The jug, as thing, gathers together for a moment humans, gods, earth and sky.
%Elsewhere in the same book, Heidegger provides other examples of things. Thus a bridge can be seen as gathering the two banks of a stream in relation to each other, and it gathers people that cross the bridge, it gathers people and carts into town or workers into the fields (1971: 151–2). The bridge as thing can be explored in terms of its usefulness, its functionality in bringing different components together. In this book I will focus on how things bring humans and nonhumans together in heterogeneous mixes.




